# Miscellaneous Shell Scripts
Random scripts I've written over time that don't particularlly warrant their own Repository.

Some of these are more useful than others.

> [!WARNING]
> - Code Quality is __NOT__ a garauntee.
> - Use any of these __**AT YOUR OWN RISK**!__

# Scripts

## archipelago-spoiler-viewer
`fzf`-based browser for spoiler logs generated by [Archipelago Randomizers](https://archipelago.gg/)

It will try to locate `spoiler.txt`, `spoilers.txt`, `spoiler.log` or `spoilers.log` by default.

It can also accept a file as an arguement.

## avscripts
Script of `ffmpeg` incantations to reduce the amount of required memorization-typing.

## discord-date
Print a table of timestamps for Discord using a specified time for an arguement.

Anything supported by the `date` command as a date, should work in theory.

## dualsense-menu
Script that provides an interactive menu for some [dualsensectl](https://github.com/nowrep/dualsensectl) features

## os-update
A "universal updater" script. Does not actually support all distros and package managers.

> [!CAUTION]
> Always update using your Distro's __OFFICIALLY RECOMMENDED INSTRUCTIONS__
>
> **USE THIS AT YOUR OWN RISK**

This will (hopefully):
- Create a timeshift snapshot with the comment "Break Glass In Casse of Oopsie Whoopsie"
- Delete the oldest timeshift snapshot with that comment.
- Run the command to update distro native packages based on detected distro.
- Update Flatpak (system) packages
- Update Flatpak (user) packages
- Update things installed via `pipx` including injected.


## ps5triggers
Script that makes manipulating the Adaptive Triggers with [dualsensectl](https://github.com/nowrep/dualsensectl) convenient.

Examples:

```bash
# Set
ps5triggers b.gcn # Gamecube-esque clicky triggers

# Set while another program is running
ps5triggers b.depth-vibe your-game-here
```

## pw-restart
Restarts `pipewire`, `pipewire-pulse`, and `wireplumber` user services.

## rar27z
Convert RAR archive to 7z archive. Because some people still live in the dark ages and use WinRAR I guess.

## roll
Roll an arbitrary number of dice with an arbitrary number of sides, colorfully.

Examples

```bash
roll 1d20
roll 1d4 2d6 3d8 4d20
```

## update-dualsense-lightbar-battery
Sets the LEDs of all connected DualSense controllers to a color based on their current battery percentage using [dualsensectl](https://github.com/nowrep/dualsensectl).

The `$COLORS` array defines the colors to be used.

Intended for use in a once per minute cronjob

## v
Universal "View" script

- Lists contents of directories
- Lists contents of archive files
- Attempts to display images
- `ffprobe`s videos and audio
- Plays video/audio in [Terminology](https://www.enlightenment.org/about-terminology.md)
- Displays ODF files with `pandoc` and `bat`
- Uses `file -b` otherwise

## web-link-handler
Script to act as a default web browser.

**INTENDED TO BE EDITED BY END USER**

Opens Steam Links in Steam by default
Opens Youtube Links in FreeTube by default
Uses `firefox` otherwise

Rules can be defined using the the `$RULES` Associative Array

Behaviors for Rules can be defined using the case statement.

Any rule name that starts with `BLOCK_` will be ignored by default, and a desktop notification sent.
This may be useful if you wish to prevent certain links from opening.

